Adaptability; Boosts the same type attack bonus from 1.5x to 2x.
Aftermath; Damages the attacker after being knocked out.
Air Lock; Eliminates the effects of weather.
Analytic; Boosts move power by 30% when the Pokémon moves last.
Anger Point; Maxes the Attack stat after the Pokémon takes a critical hit.
Anticipation; Senses an opposing Pokémon's super effective moves.
Arena Trap; Prevents the foe from fleeing.
Bad Dreams; At the end of each turn, sleeping opponent take 1/8 of its maximum HP in damage.
Battle Armor; This Pokémon is protected against critical hits.
Big Pecks; Protects this Pokémon from Defense-lowering attacks.
Blaze; Powers up Fire type moves by 50% when this Pokémon's HP is at a third or lower.
Chlorophyll; Doubles this Pokémon's Speed in harsh sunlight.
Clear Body; Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.
Cloud Nine; Eliminates the effects of weather.
Color Change; The Pokémon's type becomes the type of the move used on it.
Compound Eyes; This Pokémon's accuracy is boosted by 1.3x. While leading the party, wild Pokémon hold items more often.
Contrary; Makes stat changes have an opposite effect.
Cursed Body;  When hit by a contact move, there is a 30% chance the opponent will unable to use that move for 4 turns.
Cute Charm; When hit by a contact move, there is a 30% chance the opponent will be infatuated if the opponent is the opposite gender.
Damp; Prevents the use of self-destructing moves.
Defeatist; Halves this Pokémon's Attack and Special Attack when below half HP.
Defiant; Boosts this Pokémon's Attack stat by two stages when its stats are lowered.
Download; Raises either the Attack stat or Special Attack stat by one stage depending on the foe's lowest current defensive stat.
Drizzle; This Pokémon summons rain when it enters a battle.
Drought; This Pokémon summons harsh sunlight when it enters a battle.
Dry Skin; Restores HP in rain or when hit by Water-type moves. Reduces HP in harsh sunlight, and increases the damage received from Fire-type moves.
Early Bird; This Pokémon wakes up twice as fast.
Effect Spore; When hit by a contact move, there is a 30% the opponent will be poisoned, paralyzed, or put to sleep.
Filter; Reduces damage from supereffective attacks by 25%.
Flame Body; When hit by a contact move, there is a 30% chance the opponent will be burned.
Flare Boost;  Boosts the power of special moves by 50% if this Pokémon is burned.
Flash Fire; Powers up the Pokémon's Fire type moves if it's hit by one, instead of taking damage.
Flower Gift; Boosts the Attack and Sp. Def stats by 1/5x of itself and allies in harsh sunlight.
Forecast; This Pokémon transforms with the weather to change its type to Water, Fire, or Ice.
Forewarn; Reveals the opponet's most powerful move.
Friend Guard; Reduces damage done to allies by 25%.
Frisk; This Pokémon can check a foe's held item.
Gluttony; Makes this Pokémon eat a held Berry when its HP drops to half or less.
Guts; Boosts the Attack stat by 50% if this Pokémon has a status condition. Burns do not lower the Attack stat.
Harvest; After using a Berry, there is a 50% chance at the end of each turn it will create a new Berry, and is guaranteed in harsh sunlight.
Healer; At the end of each turn, there is a 30% chance of curing an ally's status condition.
Heatproof; Halves the damage from Fire type moves.
Heavy Metal; Doubles this Pokémon's weight.
Honey Gather; This Pokémon may gather Honey after a battle.
Huge Power; Doubles this Pokémon's Attack stat.
Hustle; Boosts the Attack stat by 50%, but lowers accuracy by 20%.
Hydration; Heals status problems if it is raining.
Hyper Cutter; Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its Attack stat.
Ice Body;  This Pokémon regains HP 1/16th of its max HP per turn in hail, and takes no damage from hailstorms.
Illuminate; Doubles the likelihood of meeting wild Pokémon while leading the party.
Illusion; Comes out disguised as the Pokémon in the party's last spot, and loses the illusion when hit.
Immunity; Prevents this Pokémon from getting poisoned.
Imposter; This Pokémon transforms itself into the Pokémon it's facing.
Infiltrator; Ignores the effects of a target's Reflect, Light Screen, Safeguard, and Mist.
Inner Focus; The Pokémon is protected from flinching.
Insomnia; Prevents this Pokémon from falling asleep.
Intimidate; Lowers the opposing Pokémon's Attack stat by one stage upon entering battle.
Iron Barbs;  When hit by a contact move, the opponent takes 1/8th of its max HP in damage.
Iron Fist; Boosts the power of punching moves by 20%.
Justified; Boosts the Attack stat by one stage when it's hit by a Dark type move.
Keen Eye; Prevent other Pokémon from lowering this Pokémon's accuracy.
Klutz; This Pokémon can't use any held items.
Leaf Guard; Prevents status conditions in harsh sunshine weather.
Levitate; Gives full immunity to all Ground-type moves.
Light Metal; Halves this Pokémon's weight.
Lightning Rod; This Pokémon draws in all Electric-type moves. Instead of being hit by Electric-type moves, it boosts its Sp. Atk.
Limber; The Pokémon is protected from paralysis.
Liquid Ooze; Damages attackers using any draining move.
Magic Bounce; Reflects status moves, instead of getting hit by them.
Magic Guard; The Pokémon only takes damage from attacks.
Magma Armor; Prevents the Pokémon from becoming frozen.
Magnet Pull; Prevents Steel type Pokémon from escaping.
Marvel Scale; Boosts the Defense stat by 50% if this Pokémon has a status condition.
Minus; Boosts Sp. Atk by 50% if an ally Pokémon has Plus or Minus.
Mold Breaker; Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Moody; Raises one stat by two stages and lowers another by one every turn.
Motor Drive; Boosts its Speed stat if hit by an Electric-type move, instead of taking damage.
Moxie; Boosts the Attack stat by one stage after knocking out any Pokémon.
Multiscale; This Pokémon takes half damage while its HP is full.
Multitype; Changes this Pokémon's type to match the Plate it holds.
Mummy; When hit by a contact move, the opponent gains Mummy as its ability.
Natual Cure; All status problems heal when it switches out.
No Guard; Ensures attacks by or against this Pokémon land.
Normalize; All of this Pokémon's moves become the Normal type.
Overcoat; Protects this Pokémon from damage from weather.
Overgrow; Powers up Grass type moves by 50% when this Pokémon's HP is at a third or lower.
Own Tempo; Prevents this Pokémon from becoming confused.
Pickpocket; When hit by a contact move, this Pokémon will steal the opponent's item.
Pickup; This Pokémon may pick up the item an opposing Pokémon used during a battle. It may pick up items outside of battle, too.
Plus; Boosts Sp. Atk by 50% if an ally Pokémon has Plus or Minus.
Poison Heal; Restores HP by 1/8th per turn if this Pokémon is poisoned.
Poison Point; When hit by a contact move, there is a 30% chance the opponent will be poisoned.
Poison Touch; When landing a contact move, there is a 30% chance the opponent will be poisoned.
Prankster; Gives priority to status moves.
Pressure; This Pokémon raises the foe's PP usage.
Pure Power; Doubles this Pokémon's Attack stat.
Quick Feet; Boosts the Speed stat by 50% if this Pokémon has a status condition. Paralysis does not lower the Speed stat.
Rain Dish; This Pokémon regains HP 1/16th of its max HP per turn in rain.
Rattled; When hit by Dark, Ghost, or Bug type moves, this Pokémon's Speed stat raises by one stage.
Reckless; Powers up moves that have recoil damage by 20%.
Regenerator; Restores a 1/3rd of its max HP when withdrawn from battle.
Rivalry; Deals 25% more damage to Pokémon of the same gender, but deals 25% less to Pokémon of the opposite gender.
Rock Head; Protects this Pokémon from recoil damage.
Rough Skin; When hit by a contact move, the opponent takes 1/16th of its max HP in damage.
Run Away; Enables a sure getaway from wild Pokémon.
Sand Force; Boosts the power of Rock, Ground, and Steel type moves by 30% in a sandstorm.
Sand Rush; Doubles this Pokémon's Speed in a sandstorm.
Sand Stream; This Pokémon summons a sandstorm in battle.
Sand Veil; Boosts the Pokémon's evasion in a sandstorm by 20%, and take no damage from sandstorms.
Sap Sipper; Boosts the Attack stat if hit by a Grass type move, instead of taking damage.
Scrappy; Makes Normal and Fighting type moves hit Ghost type Pokémon.
Serene Grace; Doubles the chances of a move's secondary effect to occur.
Shadow Tag; Prevents the foe from escaping.
Shed Skin; At the end of each turn, this Pokémon has a 1/3 chance of curing its status condition.
Sheer Force; Removes the secondary effects of moves, and boosts the power of those moves by 30%.
Sheild Dust; Blocks the secondary effects of attacks taken.
Shell Armor; This Pokémon is protected against critical hits.
Simple; The stat changes the Pokémon receives are doubled.
Skill Link; Maximizes the number of times multi-strike moves hit.
Slow Start; For five turns, the Pokémon's Attack and Speed stats are halved.
Sniper; Boosts the power of critical hits by 1.5x.
Snow Cloak; Boosts the Pokémon's evasion in a hailstorm by 20%, and take no damage from hailstorms.
Snow Warning; This Pokémon summons a hailstorm when it enters a battle.
Solar Power; Boosts the Special Attack stat by 1.5x in harsh sunlight, but takes 1/8 of its maximum HP at the end of each turn.
Solid Rock;  Reduces damage from supereffective attacks by 25%.
Soundproof; Gives full immunity to all sound based moves.
Speed Boost; At the end of each turn, this Pokémon's Speed is raised by one stage.
Stall; This Pokémon moves after all other Pokémon do.
Static; When hit by a contact move, there is a 30% chance the opponent will be paralyzed.
Steadfast; Raises Speed by one stage each time this Pokémon flinches.
Stench; This Pokémon has a 10% chance of making the target flinch when hit by a damaging move.
Sticky Hold; Protects this Pokémon from item theft.
Storm Drain; Draws in all Water-type moves. Instead of being hit by Water-type moves, it boosts its Sp. Atk.
Sturdy; This Pokémon cannot be knocked out with one hit.
Suction Cups; Negates all moves that force switching out.
Super Luck; Boosts the critical-hit ratios of moves by 1 stage.
Swarm; Powers up Bug type moves by 50% when this Pokémon's HP is at a third or lower.
Swift Swim; Doubles this Pokémon's Speed in rain.
Synchronize; Passes a burn, poison, or paralysis to the foe.
Tangled Feet; This Pokémon half as likely to get hit while confused.
Technician; Increases the power of moves with 60 or less power by 50%.
Telepathy; Anticipates an ally's attack and dodges it.
Teravolt;  Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Thick Fat; Halves the damage taken from Fire and Ice type moves.
Tinted Lens; Doubles the power of "not very effective" moves.
Torrent; Powers up Water type moves by 50% when this Pokémon's HP is at a third or lower.
Toxic Boost; Boosts the power of physical moves by 50% if this Pokémon is poisoned.
Trace; When it enters a battle, this Pokémon copies an opposing Pokémon's Ability.
Truant; This Pokémon moves only every two turns.
Turboblaze;  Moves can be used regardless of Abilities.
Unaware; Ignores the opposing Pokémon's stat changes.
Unburden; Doubles the Speed stat if its held item is used or lost.
Unnerve; Makes the foe unable to eat Berries.
Victory Star; Boosts the accuracy of its allies and itself by 10%.
Vital Spirit; Prevents this Pokémon from falling asleep.
Water Veil; Prevents the Pokémon from getting a burn.
Weak Armor; Physical attacks lower this Pokémon's Defense by one stage and raises Speed by one stage.
White Smoke; Prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.
Wonder Guard; Only supereffective moves will hit this Pokémon.
Wonder Skin; Lowers the accuracy of status moves used against this Pokémon to 50%.
Zen Mode; Changes this Pokémon's form when HP is half or less.